Update theme-best-practice.md with valid steps (#7738)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/theme-best-practice.md

   ```php
   <a href="#"><?= __('Click to download'); ?></a>
   ```

1. Make use of the mobile-first approach when inheriting blank or Luma themes.
1. Magento has a set of [coding standards]({{ page.baseurl }}/coding-standards/bk-coding-standards.html) for both back-end and front-end technologies. Refer to them when needed.
1. Do not repeat work while styling. Instead, create a class or mixin and call them when needed.
1. While styling any custom module, add the styling within the module, instead of adding it to the design theme. This way, the style will not be loaded unless the module is called. For example `app/code/Company/Module/view/frontend/web/css/source/_module.less`.
1. While styling a custom theme, add styles to seperate less files, instead of appending to a single file. This way, styles are easier to track down and debug.

   For Reference check this file `[Magento_Blank_Theme_Path]/web/css/_styles.less`:

   ```less
   @import 'source/lib/_lib.less'; // Global lib
   @import 'source/_sources.less'; // Theme styles
   @import 'source/_components.less'; // Components styles (modal/sliding panel)
   ```

   Magento already styled and having many ready made component(s),

>    To find already existing component(s) in blank theme: `[Magento_Blank_Theme_Path]/web/css/source/_sources.less` and  `[Magento_Blank_Theme_Path]/web/css/source/_components.less`.

Reviewer: Hi @kanhaiya5590. Could you check this sentence, please? We have the purpose "to find" but the actionable point "what to do?" seems to be missing.

Author: updated

>    If need to add any custom component or extend any existing component then copy  `[Magento_Blank_Theme_Path]/web/css/source/_components.less` into custom theme, For example `app/code/Company/Module/view/frontend/web/css/source/_components.less` and then import `Custom style for components`.

Reviewer: After "copy to custom theme" an example follows that represent custom module instead of custom theme. I would suggest aligning these two areas (provide a path to a custom theme in the example or describe adding `less` file to a custom module)

Author: update suggested changes

>    *Note:* Blank Theme path  [Magento_Blank_Theme_Path] = `vendor/magento/theme-frontend-blank` or `app/design/frontend/Magento/blank` as per our developement that might vary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Note:* Blank theme path [Magento_Blank_Theme_Path] = `vendor/magento/theme-frontend-blank` or `app/design/frontend/Magento/blank` as per our developement that might vary.
```

   ```less
   //
   //  Components
   //  _____________________________________________

   @import 'components/_modals.less'; // From lib
   @import 'components/_modals_extend.less'; // Local

   //  _____________________________________________
   //

>    //  Custom style for New Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   //  Custom style for new components
```

   //  _____________________________________________

   @import 'components/_[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_1].less';
   @import 'components/_[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_2].less';

   //  _____________________________________________
   //

>    //  Custom style for Existing Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   //  Custom style for existing components
```

   //  _____________________________________________

   @import 'components/_[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_1]_extend.less';
   @import 'components/_[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_2]_extend.less';

   ```

>    *Note:*  `[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_1,2,3...]` need to replace with valid component name example `sliders, grids` etc. New Component Name can be set any value without any restiction but for best practice to set proper and genuine name so future that can easy to reuse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Note:*  `[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_1,2,3...]` need to replace with valid component name example `sliders, grids` etc. The new component name can be set as any value without any restriction. But for best practice, it's recommended to set proper and genuine name that can be reusable in the future.
```

>    Now add styles for respective component (New or extend) in a separate file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Now add styles for respective component (new or extended) in a separate file.
```

   For example,
      For new sliders component - `app/code/Company/Module/view/frontend/web/css/source/components/_sliders.less`  

>       and To extend/override buttons style - `app/code/Company/Module/view/frontend/web/css/source/components/_buttons_extend.less`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      To extend/override existing buttons style - `app/code/Company/Module/view/frontend/web/css/source/components/_buttons_extend.less`.
```

>       **Important:** After Updating/Upgrading Magento Instances, check for changes in any files that are overridden by your theme. If there were changes to default templates, layouts, or styles, If possible copy those changes to your respective templates, layouts, and styles to make it sync with latest code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      **Important:** After updating/upgrading Magento instances, check for changes in any files that are overridden by your theme. If there were changes to default templates, layouts, or styles, If possible copy those changes to your respective templates, layouts, and styles to make it sync with the latest changes in code.
```

   Example:
   ```php
   <a href="#"><?= __('Click to download'); ?></a>
   ```

1. Make use of the mobile-first approach when inheriting blank or Luma themes.
1. Magento has a set of [coding standards]({{ page.baseurl }}/coding-standards/bk-coding-standards.html) for both back-end and front-end technologies. Refer to them when needed.
1. Do not repeat work while styling. Instead, create a class or mixin and call them when needed.
1. While styling any custom module, add the styling within the module, instead of adding it to the design theme. This way, the style will not be loaded unless the module is called. For example `app/code/Company/Module/view/frontend/web/css/source/_module.less`.
1. While styling a custom theme, add styles to seperate less files, instead of appending to a single file. This way, styles are easier to track down and debug. 

   For Reference check this file `app/design/frontend/Magento/blank/web/css/_styles.less`:

   ```less
   @import 'source/lib/_lib.less'; // Global lib
   @import 'source/_sources.less'; // Theme styles
   @import 'source/_components.less'; // Components styles (modal/sliding panel)
   ```

>    Magento alreadystyled and have ready made component(s), For refenrece: `app/design/frontend/Magento/blank/web/css/source/_sources.less` and  `app/design/frontend/Magento/blank/web/css/source/_components.less`

Reviewer 2: 'alreadystyled' needs to be changed to 'already styled'

Author: updated change and committed

>    **Magento-styled or ready-made component(s)**: To check the list of existing component(s) found in **blank theme**: `[Magento_Blank_Theme_Path]/web/css/source/_sources.less` and  `[Magento_Blank_Theme_Path]/web/css/source/_components.less`, iMagento adds their ready-made components via `@import`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   **Magento-styled or ready-made component(s)**: To check the list of existing component(s) found in **blank theme**: `[Magento_Blank_Theme_Path]/web/css/source/_sources.less` and  `[Magento_Blank_Theme_Path]/web/css/source/_components.less`, Magento adds their ready-made components via `@import`.
```

    {:.bs-callout-info}
   The blank theme path [Magento_Blank_Theme_Path] = `vendor/magento/theme-frontend-blank` or `app/design/frontend/Magento/blank` may vary.

   ```less
   //
   //  Components
   //  _____________________________________________

   @import 'components/_modals.less'; // From lib
   @import 'components/_modals_extend.less'; // Local

   //  _____________________________________________
   //
   //  Custom style for new components
   //  _____________________________________________

   @import 'components/_[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_1].less';
   @import 'components/_[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_2].less';

   //  _____________________________________________
   //
   //  Custom style for existing components
   //  _____________________________________________

   @import 'components/_[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_1]_extend.less';
   @import 'components/_[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_2]_extend.less';

   ```

 {:.bs-callout-info}

>  `[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_1,2,3...]` needs to be replaced with valid a component name: `sliders, grids` etc. The new component name can be set as any value. For best practices, it is recommended to set a clear name that can be reused in the future.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 `[CUSTOM_COMPONENT_1,2,3...]` needs to be replaced with a valid component name: `sliders, grids` etc. The new component name can be set as any value. For best practices, it is recommended to set a clear name that can be reused in the future.
```

> Next, add styles for respective component (new or extended) in a separate file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next, add styles for respective components (new or extended) in a separate file.
```

> For example, for a new slider component - `app/code/Company/Module/view/frontend/web/css/source/components/_sliders.less`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, for a new slider component: `app/code/Company/Module/view/frontend/web/css/source/components/_sliders.less`.
```

> To extend or override an existing button style - `app/code/Company/Module/view/frontend/web/css/source/components/_buttons_extend.less`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To extend or override an existing button style: `app/code/Company/Module/view/frontend/web/css/source/components/_buttons_extend.less`.
```
